Tinsight Scouter Dry (Named for Doriado/Dryad - related to attributes)
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Tinsight" monster from your deck to your hand. Once per turn: you can declare 1 Attribute; until the End Phase, a Link, Synchro, Fusion or Xyz monster that was Summoned using this card as material gains this effect.
 - This card can attack all monsters of the declared attribute once each.

Tinsight Scouter Gen (Named for Genomix Fighter - related to types)
If you control a "Tinsight" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "card" once per turn this way. Once per turn: you can declare 1 Monster Type; until the End Phase, a Link, Synchro, Fusion or Xyz monster that was Summoned using this card as material gains this effect.
 - This card can attack all monsters of the declared type once each.
 
Tinsight Scouter Free (Named for Freed the Matchless General, visible in D Barrier, which is related to summon types)
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Tinsight Striker" monster in your graveyard; Special Summon it in defense position. Once per turn: you can declare 1 Card Type (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum or Link); until the End Phase, a Link, Synchro, Fusion or Xyz monster that was Summoned using this card as material gains this effect.
 - This card can attack all monsters of the declared card type once each.
 
Tinsight Scouter Rise (Named for Risebell - related to levels)
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Tinsight" Spell or Trap card from your deck to your hand. Once per turn: you can declare 1 Level; until the End Phase, a Link, Synchro, Fusion or Xyz monster that was Summoned using this card as material gains this effect.
 - This card can attack all monsters of the declared Level, or with a Rank or Link Rating equal to that Level, once each.

Tinsight Striker Rapidfire
Contact Fusion, 2 archetype monsters
If this card declares an attack: Inflict 200 damage to your opponent. During the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, then if all of the materials used for its summon are in the graveyard, you can Special Summon them, and if you do, they cannot be destroyed by battle until your next Standby Phase. Once per turn, if this card battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: You can banish that monster.

Tinsight Striker Overcharge
Synchro, 1 archetype Tuner + 1 non-Tuner
If this card declares an attack: It gains 200 ATK. During the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, then if all of the materials used for its summon are in the graveyard, you can Special Summon them, and if you do, they cannot be destroyed by battle until your next Standby Phase. This card deals piercing battle damage.

Tinsight Striker Energize
Xyz, 2 archetype monsters
If this card declares an attack: You gain 200 LP. During the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, then if all of the materials used for its summon are in the graveyard, you can Special Summon them, and if you do, they cannot be destroyed by battle until your next Standby Phase. You can detach 1 Xyz material from this card; 

Tinsight Striker Scattershot
Link, 2 archetype monsters, U+UR
1800
If this card declares an attack: Your opponent sends one card from their hand or field, or the top card of their deck, to the graveyard. During the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, then if all of the materials used for its summon are in the graveyard, you can Special Summon them, and if you do, they cannot be destroyed by battle until your next Standby Phase. Monsters this card points to
